---
fileClass: year-note  
date: 2022-07-25  
---
[[2021]] <=> [[2023]]

# 2022
More: [[770 ðŸŒYears|ðŸŒ Years Dashboard]]
Quarters:: [[2022-Q1]],  [[2022-Q2]], [[2022-Q3]], [[2022-Q4]]

## Past Year Review
What am I most deeply grateful for?

What are my largest accomplishments?

What are my largest disappointments? 

### Reflect
People: Who mattered most in your life? How?

Places: Where did meaningful things happen in your life?

Experience: What were the most meaningful events and experiences?

Questions: What are the best questions you could ask yourself to dig into your past 12 months?

### Interpret
Why were those people important and impactful in your life?

Why were those places important and impactful in your life?

Why were those experiences important and impactful in your life?

What themes and reasons keep coming up repeatedly in the answers above? What does this reveal about you - what do you currently value and find meaning in life?

---
## Coming Year Planning
### Visualize 
Describe what my life will be like in 12 months, visualize it, and feel it.

Who do I need to become to achieve those things?

How do I need to change and evolve?

What do I need to learn?

How do my habits and routines need to change?

What is holding me back?

### Implementation in Obsidian LMS
Theme:: ==...==

Open [[100_Goals_Projects|Goals & Projects Dashboard]] and complete the following tasks:
- [ ] Review Pillars - Any modification to your pillars
	- What were my pillars' highs and lows over the past 12 months?
	
- [ ] Review your habits & routines, and revise as desired
	- Which habits & routines served me best over the past 12 months 
	
- [ ] Add/Revise new value goals and outcomes
  - Which value goals did I move forward on over the past 12 months, which did not progress? Why 
  - What (Outcome) did I complete from the past 12 months. 
  - What was effective for complete goals?
  - What could I have done better?

- [ ] Establish/Prioritize next-step projects in pursuit of the goals above
  - What (project) did I complete in the past 12 months?
  - What was effective for complete goals?
  - What could I have done better?


>* This questions are from  [August Bradley - Life Design - PPV](https://www.youtube.com/user/augustbradley/featured)